So with the styling copied over, let's work on the search results
now. That will be another element below our form here and that will actually be of course a list of elements
because we might have more than one search result.
So the parsed response here yields us an array of search results
if there are any hits and I will store this in a stateful property,
so you need to import the state decorator and then add this in front of a property which will be my search
results and this will actually be, let's say a list of objects where each object has a symbol which is
a string and a name which is a string too, something like for BMW,
that would be but the symbol would be BMW dot something and I will
have a list of such objects.
This is just a type declaration here by the way, might look strange but in the end I'm just defining
that search results is a list of objects where every object has a symbol which is a string
and has a name which is a string.
So these are my search results,
now I just need to bind them here in parsed response.
So here I will set this search results equal
and now we just have to keep in mind what we fetch there.
If I search for BMW again, I didn't save my changes so this should still work,
then we see we have an object with the best matches key with an object which already has symbols and names.
So we can just extract that, throw away the rest and just bind that nested best matches array to our
search result array.
So we can say parsed results best matches,
so using that key which we see here because that is our topmost object and that will already be an
array with symbol and name but I only need symbol and name, so I'll actually map that array which has
more fields than just symbol and name into an array which looks a bit different.
Map is a built-in Javascript function which runs on every element in the array we're executing it on,
so here on this parsed response best matches array and there, we'll get the existing element, I'll name
it match here,
you can name it whatever you want as an input to a function and we return the adjusted or restructured
element.
So here I'll return an object with a name, that should be match.name and a symbol that should be
match.symbol.
Therefore we have an object in the structure we want them to have with no extra fields and that will
be stored in search results.
Now with that, we have an array with the data, we now need to output that array in our render function. To
do that, here as a second element in that array we returned here of top level elements, I will do
something which looks very strange at first but actually makes a lot of sense when you think about the
fact that the TSX code you write down there, the JSX code as it's called is in the end just Javascript,
or in this case Typescript with a special syntax
and we can convert from Typescript to JSX and the other way around seamlessly.
So I can say this search results map here to map this array of search results into yet another array
and here it should be an array of JSX or to be precise, TSX elements,
so here I'll have my result and I want return a TSX element here.
For this, I'll simply wrap this in an unordered list to be semantically fine
and then here, I will return a list item and that list item will output
my result, name let's say. Now for this to work, I need to wrap this whole expression in curly braces
because it's inside of a ul block, so instead of TSX, if I want to execute a Typescript expression, I need
to wrap it in curly braces and now I'm just converting this search result Typescript array to an
array of TSX elements, of list item elements.
So now if I save this and I reload here, I get an error right at the start, that we can't read map on undefined.
That makes sense because initially, we didn't find any results so search results is undefined and calling
map on that won't work,
so I will simply define it by setting it to an empty array at the beginning
and now we get rid of this error and now if I type BMW here and I find this, well we get a couple of results.
The output doesn't seem to work though,
let's look into that.
It looks like search results when we fetch it is not populated correctly.
For that, let's quickly console log parsed response best matches and see if this has the structure
I think it should have.
We have our symbol in there but my mistake, the names are not symbol and name, they are one dot whitespace
symbol, two dot whitespace name,
so I need to extract the names like this and let's use that instead of dot symbol. It's the same for the
name, it's two dot name
now, so let's grab this here and use that instead of match.name.
OK so this should now extract the values correctly, let's get rid of the console log here but to check
this, let me console log this search results here to see if we really have all the correct data.
And now if I reload, clear the console and search for BMW, this looks way better here
and this also looks quite good here in the behind the scenes data.
So now we can search for that
but of course I don't want to output the names here,
I want to output the symbols but also the names,
maybe both,
so let's work on that output here in the next lecture
but the most crucial part was already covered.
You learned how you can output a list of elements.